The PseudoButterChurner mod did not work.

Let's create a PseudoChurningMachine - A Churning Machine

It is a combination of:
Blue Combo Washer/Dryer
Composter
Amphora

It is NOT like a:
Butter Churn - even though it performs a similar function

It looks like a Blue Combo Washer/Dryer
It has a liquid capacity like an Amphora (limit of 20 Liters)
It has the "Turn On" action like the Blue Combo Washer/Dryer
It has a "Churner/Get Butter" menu item just like the "Gardening/Get Compost" menu item of the Composter


Example of how it works
- User fills it with 20 liters of cow's milk
- User selects the "Turn On" menu item
- The Churning Machine begins playing the noise just like the washing machine noise of the Blue Combo Washer/Dryer
- After 15 minutes of game time,
  - All 20 liters of milk is deleted from the capacity of the Churning Machine
  - The "Churner/Get Butter" menu option displays "Get Butter (100% full)" (similar to the composter)
- When the user selects the Get Butter item, the user receives 4 sticks of butter, and Churner/Get Butter option now says Get Butter (0% full)

Notes:
- The user can fill it with a combination of cow's milk and sheep's milk
- After the churner cycles, For every 5 liters of cows milk processed, 25% fullness is added to the Churner and 5 liters is removed (the machine may end up with < 5L of milk after a churn cycle)
- If there isn't a whole multiple of 5 liters of milk, there will be milk remaining in the container after the cycle is complete
- For ever 25% fullness in the churner, when the user gets butter, 1 stick is placed in inventory
- If the churner already has butter in it, the churner will only fill to 100% full, and thus there may be more than 5 liters of milk in the liquid container portion of the machine


My suggested steps:
Step 1: Research the Blue Combo Washer/Dryer, Composter, Amphora, and Butter Churn.
In claudeDocs, we already have research documents: claude_washingMachineAnalysis.md, claude_composterAnalysis.md, claude_amphoraAnalysis.md, claude_butterChurn.md. These may be outdated, so verify them.

Step 2: Create the design plan overview document - Note that we don't need every detail at this point. Every step along the way will have a planning phase for the details.

Step 3: Allow the user to construct a Churning Machine with 1 plank and 1 nail - this is a placeholder recipe.
The churning machine should look like a Blue Combo Washer/Dryer.
This step should be relatively easy. If in doubt, we can use a similar process that the PseudoSaltWell does to create the PseudoSaltWell in the PseudoSaltWell mod in mymods - that just allows us to use a shovel to dig the well
and the well is a customized graphic.
At this point, the Churning Machine has no functionality - it is just an object that is there and can't be moved through.

Step 4: Give the Churning Machine a capacity of 20 liters
Turn the Churning Machine into a liquid container, like the Amphora. It should have the ability to add liquid to it, remove liquid from it, empty it - these things the amphora can do.

Step 5: Give the Churning Machine the Turn On menu item, like the Washer/Dryer
This should only activate the washing machine audio file, like the Washer/Dryer does. And run for 1 minute of game time.
No other functionality

Step 6: Remove liquid from the Churning machine
At the end of the Churning Machine cycle, a whole multiple of 5 Liters is removed from the Churning Machine liquid milk storage. So, 5 liters or 10 liters or 15 liters or 20 liters.
No other functionality. The milk is just removed and disappears

Step 7: Add the fullness menu item
Churner -> Get Butter -> Get Butter (0% full)
Also add temporary menu items:
Churner -> Add Butter by 25%
Churner -> Reduce Butter by 25%

The add/Reduce menu items will increase or decrease the fullness, with no limit (can be < 0 or > 100)

Step 8: Butter Generation
When the user selects Get Butter (X% full), the fullness is reduced to 0 and the user's inventory gains 1 stick of butter for every 25% of fullness

Step 9: Fullness Functionality
Change the end of the Churning Machine Cycle such that for every 5 liters removed, 25% is added to the fullness

Step 10: Clean up
- Increase Churning Machine cycle time to 15 minutes of game time (from the 1 minute we were using to test)
- Remove the Add Butter and Reduce Butter menu items

Step 11: Additional testing and planning
- Stop here. We will do additional manual testing
- We will also plan for the correct inventory items required to build the butter churning machine
- We will add functionality for sheep's milk


